Before we get too far into our application,
let's get some simple vocabulary out of the way.
First, we're going to start with a SPA or a single page application.
You've probably heard of that before, but if you haven't,
most people refer to a single page application as a SPA.
The next piece is a DispatcherServlet.
This is our entry point into our application,
and it's really where a Spring MVC web app begins its configuration.
We always start with the dispatcher servlet.
Then we have a controller.
The controller is actually an implementation of the command pattern handler.
If you really want to understand architecture and
understand the design behind this,
you can go look up the command pattern design pattern and read more about it,
but the controllers are always an implementation of a command pattern handler.
The next piece that we have is a request mapping.
Everything inside of Spring MVC is associated with a request mapping,
and that's the URL, and the type of request that we're making to our application.
Next, we have view resolvers.
View resolvers are used to locate the view and to serve it back up.
Now, a view resolver can be used to find a template or a JSP page or HTML page,
or serve up a RESTful service.
Then we'll talk about our servlet‑config.
Now this used to be a web.xml file coupled with a servlet‑config.xml file,
and now we're going to talk about how all of this is now
configured using Java configuration.
And then there is, of course, POJOs, plain old Java objects.
Everything inside of Spring, all Spring beans are just simple POJOs,
which is just a basic class that follows the bean specification of
a no‑arguments constructor with getters and setters named
appropriately, and that is the definition of a Spring bean as well;
it's just a Spring configured POJO.
So when you talk about a Spring bean, it is just a POJO that's
been configured and implemented inside of Spring.
Let's look at the application that we're going to be building throughout this course now.